I didn't expect today's Sun family to be just like this
Ahahahaha you
Do you believe me now?
If you don't hand over your patented technology
I definitely have that strength
I can slaughter you all
What do you dare me to do?
Against bone thieves like you
I told you.
I'm capable of anything.
What do you want?
Grandpa save my grandpa grandpa
One more thing.
Sun Warrior
Your favorite grandson shouldn't be Sun Shangming, right?
What do you mean?
Sun Cheng, who is currently in the capital
Is your favorite one
What do you want?
I didn't expect you to be so vicious
I told you before.
Against you
Anything is possible
Ok I can hand over the strategy to you
Don't hurt my family
Ok I do what I say
You hand over the patent
I will only take your name.